---
title: "521"
description: "Server does not accept mail"
source: "https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7504#section-3"
---

> This specification adds the 521 reply code to the repertoire
> specified in SMTP, reserving it for use at connection-opening time to
> indicate that the host does not accept mail under any circumstances.
> It SHOULD be used for dummy SMTP servers whose sole purpose is to
> notify systems that attempt to open mail connections that the host
> never accepts mail.  It MAY be used in other situations where the
> intent is to indicate that the host never accepts mail.  It SHOULD
> NOT be used for situations in which the server rejects mail from
> particular hosts or addresses or in which mail for a particular
> destination host is not accepted.  As discussed in SMTP, reply code
> 554 is more appropriate for most of those conditions; an additional
> case, in which the determination that mail is not accepted is
> determined outside the mail system, is covered in the next section
> (Section 4).
> 
> "Server does not accept mail" (or a variant such as "Host", "Domain",
> or a related term) is an acceptable message to accompany a 521 code
> used for this purpose.
> 
> Once the 521 reply code is returned instead of the usual 220, the
> SMTP session proceeds normally.  If the SMTP client attempts to send
> additional commands other than QUIT, the server MAY either continue
> sending 521 reply codes or simply close the connection.  If the
> purpose of running a dummy SMTP server that returns a 521 code is to
> conserve resources, the latter will usually be preferable.
